Producers of electronic dance pop featuring a male falsetto. The shows are lively and include cool gadgetry.
Popular electronic dance producer duo, as well as super entertaining hosts for EDM radio shows.
This duo create a mash-up of sampled beats, intricate guitars and electronic sounds. Rhythms start, stop and return to slap you in the face.
Dark, atmospheric and moody electro-pop with male/female vocal harmonies. Somewhat similar to Massive Attack.
Indie pop with a vocal and sound similar to David Byrne's solo work.
Cute, a little strange and passionate pop from a unique singer/songwriter.
Singer-songwriter out of London on the soulful side of the spectrum
Eclectic indie rock that uses a mix of instruments, moods and song compositions to create a constantly changing sound.
A Hippohonk returning favorite, rad electronic dance duo with live guitar and (male) vocals. Who knew that all we had to do was party?!
This four piece band is composed of two drummers a bassist and a lead female vocal that is run through a vocoder. It's 100% sultry, sexy and their live show will make you spontaneously grind on your neighbor but your neighbor don't care, because they're grinding back on you.
Female lead pop-punk-rock band with high energy upbeat guitar riffs and quick bass lines. Set against your more traditional punk lyrics of love, life, loss, anger and moving on.
EDM/House Producer with excellent indie dance mixes
Fun dancey female indie pop artist with the hit L.E.S. Artists from 2007 and more
Infectious R&B meets house by this singer/songwriter and producer
Dev Hynes is a bit of a musical renaissance man. With this project, he creates R&B groove music that you might turn on after moving to a darkened back room with a stranger you just met at a house party.
Electronica with a variety of vocalist collaborations, live drums and more.
Soul-influenced indie pop with powerful female vocals.
Light and upbeat eclectic pop music with a lead vocal that can hit dem high notes.
Arguably Austin's most celebrated electro-duo. The cape-wearing keyboardist and the Freddy Mercury-esque lead singer are known for putting on incredibly lively shows. After a change to more psychedelic rock in 2010 and a side project or two, it should be interesting to hear what they're working on.
Sometimes danceable, sometimes melancholic indie pop with clear, powerful vocals and an electric cello to boot.
Two great lead female vocals carry an "Indie/Whatever" band of Berklee School of Music grads living in Brooklyn.
Har Mar is mesmerizing live but careful getting too close unless you want to get a special package delivered to your face. It's pop meets late 80's R&B meets funk and it's sexy as all hell.
This guy has a voice with a nice range that stays pure and smooth as he emotes his sad Pop/R&B songs.
Synth pop / Electro indie dance music with male vocals
Indie pop with male and female vocals, with new music in 2015
Solo Project by Jamie of The XX, blending hip-hop, indie and dance music. His album In Colour was a Hippohonk favorite of 2015.
If you put an indie band in an electronic jungle and added a male falsetto, this would be the outcome.
Synth-pop with unique female vocals that stand out atop dark electronic beats and keyboards.
Solid, atmospheric, upbeat indie synth-pop.
Electronic producer with music ranging from slow and beautiful vocal harmonies to cool dance tracks
